feat(autogen-agentchat): auto instrumentation (#1611)
Arize-ai/openinference: python/instrumentation/openinference-instrumentation-autogen-agentchat/README.md

> # OpenInference Autogen-Agentchat Instrumentation

Reviewer: need to add an entry on the top level readme too

[![PyPI Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/openinference-instrumentation-autogen-agentchat.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/openinference-instrumentation-autogen-agentchat)

> Python auto-instrumentation library for Autogen AgentChat, enabling tracing of agent interactions and conversations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenTelelemetry instrumentatio for Autogen, enabling tracing of agent interactions and conversations.
```

The traces emitted by this instrumentation are fully OpenTelemetry compatible and can be sent to an OpenTelemetry collector for viewing, such as [`arize-phoenix`](https://github.com/Arize-ai/phoenix)

## Installation

```shell

> pip install openinference-instrumentation-autogen-agentchat

Reviewer: is there a reason there's one just for agentchat

Reviewer: oh it's a separate package I see

```

## Quickstart

In this example we will instrument a simple Autogen AgentChat application and observe the traces via [`arize-phoenix`](https://github.com/Arize-ai/phoenix).

Install required packages.

```shell
pip install openinference-instrumentation-autogen-agentchat autogen-agentchat arize-phoenix opentelemetry-sdk opentelemetry-exporter-otlp
```

Start the phoenix server so that it is ready to collect traces.
The Phoenix server runs entirely on your machine and does not send data over the internet.

> ```shell
> python -m phoenix.server.main serve
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
phoenix serve
```
```

Here's a simple example using a single assistant agent:

```python
import asyncio
from autogen_agentchat.agents import AssistantAgent
from autogen_ext.models.openai import OpenAIChatCompletionClient
from opentelemetry.exporter.otlp.proto.http.trace_exporter import OTLPSpanExporter
from opentelemetry.sdk import trace as trace_sdk
from opentelemetry.sdk.trace.export import ConsoleSpanExporter, SimpleSpanProcessor

from openinference.instrumentation.autogen_agentchat import AutogenAgentChatInstrumentor

# Set up the tracer provider

> endpoint = "http://127.0.0.1:6006/v1/traces"

Reviewer 2: remove

    # Create an assistant agent with tools
    agent = AssistantAgent(
        name="weather_agent",
        model_client=model_client,
        tools=[get_weather],
        system_message="You are a helpful assistant that can check the weather.",
        reflect_on_tool_use=True,
        model_client_stream=True,
    )

    result = await agent.run(task="What is the weather in New York?")
    await model_client.close()
    print(result)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    asyncio.run(main())
```

For a more complex example using multiple agents in a team:

```python
import asyncio
from autogen_agentchat.agents import AssistantAgent
from autogen_agentchat.conditions import TextMentionTermination
from autogen_agentchat.teams import RoundRobinGroupChat
from autogen_ext.models.openai import OpenAIChatCompletionClient
from opentelemetry.exporter.otlp.proto.http.trace_exporter import OTLPSpanExporter
from opentelemetry.sdk import trace as trace_sdk
from opentelemetry.sdk.trace.export import SimpleSpanProcessor

from openinference.instrumentation.autogen_agentchat import AutogenAgentChatInstrumentor

# Set up the tracer provider

> endpoint = "http://127.0.0.1:6006/v1/traces"

Reviewer 2: remove

The Phoenix server runs entirely on your machine and does not send data over the internet.

```shell

> phoenix serve

Reviewer: I think you missed a closing ```
